
KINESIOLOGIST
Kinesiologists use evidence based research to assist individuals in regaining their optimal physical function. Kinesiology focuses on optimizing physical performance and preventing or curing injuries.Kinesiologists also work with elite athletes to help optimize their technique, reduce injury risk and enhance movement efficiency. 

Working environment 
Kinesologists work in homes,fitness facilities and rehabilitation clinics.
Also kinesiologist often work with physical therapists 

Education
To become a kinesiologist you need a bachelors or masters degree in kinesiology. 
Kinesiologist also study :
Biology
Anatomy
Chemistry
Physics 
Math 
Some of the best universities to study kinesiology are:
University of Florida
University of Michigan 
UBC school of kinesiology 

Traits required 
Communication 
Patience 
Interpersonal skills
Critical thinking
Active listening
Problem solving 

CHEF
Chefs or cooks use their knowledge of food preparation to produce dishes that are aesthetically pleasing for guests. They are in charge of the kitchen crew, taste foods before serving them to clients, and replenish food supplies as needed.Chefs must be masters in maintaining kitchen equipment and ensuring food quality and overseeing and training kitchen staff along with many other things. 
There are many kinds of chefs such us :
 Sous-chef ( secondary chef in large kitchens )
  Pastry-chef  (A pastry chef or pâtissier is a station chef in a professional kitchen, skilled in the making of pastries, desserts and breads)
Pantry chef (Pantry chefs are specialized in salads and appetizers )

Working Environment
All kinds of chefs work at
Restaurants 
Hotels 
Hauses (Personal chefs)
Working as a chef is very stressful and requires communication and managing skills. Furthermore it takes a lot of work and dedication to become an achieved chef  

Traits required 
Being a chef means you have to oversee and control other workers that's why chiefs need to have:

Communicating ,Management &  Leadership skills
Patience 
Critical thinking 
Adaptability 
Time management skills 
 
Chefs also need to be creative to be able to come up with authentic recipes and dishes 

Education
Math courses   (knowing how to cook well requires a solid understanding of numbers.)
Business administration. 
Biology & Chemistry. 
Food plating aesthetics.

Best universities 
Le Cordon Bleu
Culinary Arts Academy Switzerland
The Culinary Institute of America
 
 F1 Strategists
F1 strategists have to plan a strategy based on results from simulations,past races, practice sessions and qualifying. Strategists develop multiple scenarios in case something goes wrong or better than expected. They are also required to make split second decisions during the race about pitting ,tiers and much more. Their job is extremely important and a strategy can either make or break the driver's performance.


Working Environment
Strategists work from the pit wall during the race meaning they have to travel a lot. 
Some strategists are also working from the factory but there is alway one on the pit wall.
They also have to take part in team meetings.
Because strategy is vital to have a good race and strategists are required to make immediate and crucial decisions as a result this  is a very stressful job.

Traits required 
Awareness and understanding 
Adaptability 
Teamwork 
Communication skills 
Emotional discipline 
Organization skills 

Education   
Degree in Engineering (Mechanical or Automotive ) Mathematics or Physics 
Degree Data Science and Analytics 
Masters degree in a STEM subject  

Universities 
MIT
Stanford 
UC Berkeley 
Oxford 

NEUROLOGISTS
Neurologists treat,diagnose and manage disorders affecting the brain , spinal cord, muscles and nerves that activate movement. Neurologists diagnose conditions by conducting a neurologic examination that includes tests of the patients coordination,balance,reflexes and gait. Apart  from the patient’s current symptoms neurologists also need to know about any past medical conditions and family medical history. 

Working environment 
Neurologists must divide their time between patient consultations, 
study and publishing, and office or departmental administration. 
Most neurologists work far more than 40 hours a week.
A neurologist may see anywhere between 10 and 30 patients each day.
Neurologists work in rehabilitation clinics,hospitals and other healthcare facilities.


Traits 
Empathy 
Communication skills 
Interpersonal skills
Active listening 
Patience 
Continues learning 


Education 
Four years of medical school (students receive general medical training and complete rotations in all medical specialties, including surgery, obstetrics, pediatrics, psychiatry, and neurology)
Bachelor's degree 
3-7 years of internships and residency programs 


Dietitian 
Dietitians and nutritionists counsel clients on nutrition issues and healthy eating habits. They are experts in the use of food and nutrition to promote health and manage disease. They plan nutritional programs to help people lead healthy lives. There are many types of dietitians such as:
   Sports Dietitians (Counsels athletes on optimal nutrition for training , competition, recovery, weight management, hydration, immunity, disordered eating, travel, and supplementation)
   Clinical dietitians ( Following a surgery, medical diagnosis, or life-altering accident, clinical dietitians help patients recover better with a specialized diet )
   Gerontological dietitians (Spesialized with how nutrition affects the elderly)

Working Environment 
Many Dietitians have their own offices. They also work in sports facilities with teams and some dietitians work in hospitals and nursing homes. 
  
Education 
Bachelor's degree in nutrition 
Many dietitians also study Biochemistry, Microbiology , Food and Home science, Physiology 
 
Traits  
Communication skills 
Analytical skills 
Interpersonal skills 
Active Listening 


 Graphic designer 

A graphic designer is a professional who uses visual elements to communicate ideas and messages effectively. Their primary responsibilities include: Creating Visual Concepts, using design software,collaborating with clients and teams, ensuring brand consistency and revising designs.

Workplace 
design firms
 advertising agencies 
 corporate marketing departments
Studios 
Clients locations 

Traits & Skills  

Creativity 
Attention to detail 
Communication skills
Adaptability
Collaboration
Time management 
Problem solving skills 

Education 

Bachelor's degree in :
 graphic design
 visual communication (or a related field)
Associate degree in graphic design or a related area.
Portfolio  ( Astrong portfolio showcasing a range of design projects is crucial. This portfolio demonstrates a designer's skills, creativity, and style to potential employers or clients.)



Economist 

Economists prepare reports, tables, and charts. Economists conduct research, prepare reports, and evaluate issues related to monetary and fiscal policy. They also may collect and analyze statistical data.The duties of an economist are incredibly varied. They research economic issues, conduct surveys and collect data,analyze data using mathematical models, statistical techniques, and software. Economists also provide advice on development, savings, taxes and commercial issues to businesses private and  public. 

 
Work Place 

government agencies
 research institutions,
non-profit organizations
consulting firms
 financial organizations.

Traits & Skills 
Communication skills. 
Critical-thinking skills. 
Detail oriented.
Organization skills 


Education
Some degrees to become an economist are :
 Economics 
 Statistics
 Mathematics
 Business studies 
 Finance and accounting. 


 Accountant 
 Accountants prepare and examine financial records, identify potential areas of opportunity and risk, and provide solutions for businesses and individuals. They ensure that financial records are accurate, that financial and data risks are evaluated, and that taxes are paid properly.
 
 Workplace and environment 
 government agencies
  law enforcement agencies,
  private corporations, 
 educational institutions, 
  non-profit organizations
 
 Accountants also travel to their clients locations.
 Most of them work in teams but some work alone.  
 
 Traits 
    Organized 
    Trustworthy 
    Interpersonal skills 
    detail oriented
    Ethical 
 
    Education
 
 Bachelor's degree in accounting or finance
 Business degree
 Accountants also take courses like tax law 
 
 
 
 
 
 



































